Shot, crossfire during a fight with Zombies.
Killed by rogues, to loot your supplies.
Raped and killed by rogues.
Barricaded inside a building with no food. Starved.
Ran out of food after a month.
Ran out of food after a year.
Suicide
So scared you shot yourself.
So scared you shot yourself and later bled to death.
Exploded during a fight with Zombies.
Exploded while making bombs.
Shot yourself playing with guns.
Killed by rogues, to steal your car.
Bled to death after cutting off an infected arm.
Mistaken for a Zombie and shot.
Shot yourself playing with guns and later bled to death.
Car expired in the middle of no where. Starve or freeze.
Family or friend turns into a Zombie in your car. Crash.
Regular car accident.
Heart attack.
Your party was very tired of your leadership.
Your party killed you for being a great risk to their lives.
Freeze to death.
Unnecessary stunt when the going was easy.
Nutto worried you would die while giving birth.
Natural causes. A long, normal life.
Bullet explodes a bomb you were carrying.
Overrun by masses of Zombies.
So scared you stopped running and were eaten.
Cornered into a dead end by Zombies.
A Zombie outran (more like outwalked) you.
You thought Zombies were still people.
Family or friend turns into a Zombie in your car and bites you.
A Zombie sat waiting in your car for you.
Your party failed to see a Zombie advancing from behind you.
Eaten by Zombies, whilst looking for your Family.
Eaten by Zombies, whilst looking for your Friends.
Eaten by Zombies, whilst looking for your Lover.
Weren't aware of the Zombie problem until it was too late.
In denial that an infected relative was in fact a Zombie.
Eaten while fighting with the army.
Shot in crossfire while fighting with the army.
Alerted far too many Zombies to your presence.
You mistook a Zombie for a parent of family member.
Unable to reach a helping hand in time.
Surprise Zombie at a gas station.
In a melee combat frenzy, infected blood splashed your face.
Broke a leg while running from Zombies.
Makeshift barricade fails prematurely.
Doctor infected by Zombie blood in a lab.
Your car expired in the middle of a packed city.
You no longer felt a need to fight and just gave up.
An exploding Zombie sprayed your face with infected blood.
A shotgunned Zombie sprayed your face with infected blood.
A miscarriaged baby killed you from the inside.
A bike accident left you unconscious for the Zombies.
In a frenzy you ran into a crowd of Zombies, guns blazing.
You mistook a Zombie for a normal person.
You walked right into a Zombie, who then ate you.
You didn't hear it coming from behind...
You were eaten by a Zombie horse. 